CH24 Wishbone Chair - Beech - Soft colours by Carl Hansen | Shop at Skandium London AUD CAD DKK EUR £ GBP HKD JPY KRW NZD SEK SGD USD Account Cart (0) Search Menu Account AUD CAD DKK EUR £ GBP HKD JPY KRW NZD SEK SGD USD Copyright © 2023 Skandium London Your Basket You have 0 items in your shopping basket Total: £0.00 Delivery calculated at check-out Edit basket Continue to checkout Home | CH24 Wishbone Chair - Beech - Soft colours Description The CH24 Soft from Carl Hansen is a gentle variation on Hans J. Wegner’s Wishbone Chair from 1950.Just like the original, the special edition is timelessly elegant with its clean and characteristic expression. The new finish has an inviting quality that tempts your hand to stroke the backrest, and Furthermore, the coating makes it easier to maintain the chair, keeping the timeless design looking even cleaner.Think of CH24 Soft as a gentle counterpart to a Wishbone Chair with a brighter finish. Or maybe as a subtle contrast to Hans J. Wegner’s CH327 dining table in soap-treated beech. Technical Info Dimensions:Height: 76cm x Width: 55cm x Depth: 51cmSeat height: 45cmArmrest height: 70cmMaterials & finishes:Solid beech. Available in a range of colourways in a matte finish with a hand-woven unbleached natural or black paper cord seat.There are more colour combinations available for this product, for more information please contact our web team. FAQ 365 DAYS RETURN POLICY If, for any reason, you are not fully satisfied with your item purchased from Skandium, you can return it within 365 days of delivery for a full refund. *Excluding ‘made to order’ & ‘Made for you’ items BEST PRICE GUARANTEE At Skandium we always strive to give our customers the best price possible - it is in our Scandinavian DNA. So, should you find the same product you are looking to purchase, or already have purchased, at a lower price at a UK based competitor, we will match in a heartbeat. ESTIMATED DELIVERY LEAD TIMES All items in stock will state ‘READY FOR IMMEDIATE DISPATCH’ directly below once your specific finish is selected. These items will usually be shipped on a next working day basis before 1 pm for parcel deliveries and 10-15 working days for larger furniture and delicate item deliveries. CH24 Wishbone Chair - Beech - Soft colours 13376_1 By Carl Hansen The CH24 Soft from Carl Hansen is a gentle variation on Hans J. Wegner’s Wishbone Chair from 1950.Just like the original, the special edition is timelessly elegant with its clean and characteristic expression. The new finish has an inviting quality that. Read more Colour Soft grey Soft black Soft blue Soft dark green Soft red Soft white Seat Natural paper cord Black paper cord Soft grey / Natural paper cord Soft grey / Black paper cord Soft black / Natural paper cord Soft blue / Natural paper cord Soft black / Black paper cord Soft dark green / Natural paper cord Soft red / Natural paper cord Soft red / Black paper cord Soft white / Natural paper cord Soft white / Black paper cord 6-8 weeksMade to order item Made for you in 6-8 weeksMade to order item Choose variant to see production time Typically dispatched within | 6-8 weeksMade to order item This furniture is made to order especially for you to soon enjoy. The lead time shown is an estimate based on information from our brands, so can be subject to change. Please notice orders on these can only be cancelled for a full refund within the first 3 business days. For full details on this, and our 365 days return policy please click here £510.00 6-8 weeksMade to order item Made for you in 6-8 weeksMade to order item Choose variant to see production time Typically dispatched within | 6-8 weeksMade to order item This furniture is made to order especially for you to soon enjoy. The lead time shown is an estimate based on information from our brands, so can be subject to change. Please notice orders on these can only be cancelled for a full refund within the first 3 business days. For full details on this, and our 365 days return policy please click here £510.00 Add to basket Shop with confidence at Skandium ✓ Best price ALWAYS guaranteed ✓ 365 days FREE return policy * ✓ Next-day delivery on in-stock accessories ✓ British-based customer service ✓ Based in London since 1999 Trustpilot Description The CH24 Soft from Carl Hansen is a gentle variation on Hans J. Wegner’s Wishbone Chair from 1950.Just like the original, the special edition is timelessly elegant with its clean and characteristic expression. The new finish has an inviting quality that tempts your hand to stroke the backrest, and Furthermore, the coating makes it easier to maintain the chair, keeping the timeless design looking even cleaner.Think of CH24 Soft as a gentle counterpart to a Wishbone Chair with a brighter finish. Or maybe as a subtle contrast to Hans J. Wegner’s CH327 dining table in soap-treated beech. Technical Info Dimensions:Height: 76cm x Width: 55cm x Depth: 51cmSeat height: 45cmArmrest height: 70cmMaterials & finishes:Solid beech. Available in a range of colourways in a matte finish with a hand-woven unbleached natural or black paper cord seat.There are more colour combinations available for this product, for more information please contact our web team. FAQ 365 DAYS RETURN POLICY If, for any reason, you are not fully satisfied with your item purchased from Skandium, you can return it within 365 days of delivery for a full refund. *Excluding ‘made to order’ & ‘Made for you’ items BEST PRICE GUARANTEE At Skandium we always strive to give our customers the best price possible - it is in our Scandinavian DNA. So, should you find the same product you are looking to purchase, or already have purchased, at a lower price at a UK based competitor, we will match in a heartbeat. ESTIMATED DELIVERY LEAD TIMES All items in stock will state ‘READY FOR IMMEDIATE DISPATCH’ directly below once your specific finish is selected. These items will usually be shipped on a next working day basis before 1 pm for parcel deliveries and 10-15 working days for larger furniture and delicate item deliveries. Designed by Hans J. Wegner Hans J Wegner (1914-2007) trained as a cabinet-maker before attending the Copenhagen School of Arts and Crafts, where he later lectured from 1946 to 1953. From 1938 to 1942, he worked as a furniture designer in Arne Jacobsen and Erik... Read More DELIVERY INFORMATION Parcel Delivery. For small accessories, lightweight furniture & lighting items. If your ordered items are in stock we will ship them the same day or the following working day. Specialist and Furniture deliveries. For large furniture and fragile items - once the ordered items have been received at our distribution center, your delivery will be booked with our very own white glove delivery team! This is a White-glove two-man delivery service that includes placement, assembly if required and rubbish removal. More about delivery & returns Welcome to our best Skandium Winter Sale ever!All stops have been pulled out, and we are so thrilled to offer you 15% to 30% savings store wide!The more you spend the more you save!15% discount on all orders up to £ 999 20% discount on all orders over £ 100025% discount on all orders over £ 250030% discount on all orders over £ 5000The discount above 15% will automatically be deducted at checkout. Customer Service Terms of Service Best price guarantee Refund policy Delivery Returns Policies About Us Contact Us London Showroom News / Events The Skandium story Company information Cookie policy More From Skandium The Skandium Journal Skandium Contracts Skandium Gift Card Skandium Boutique Clearance Newsletter HOW CAN WE HELP? Click HERE to contact us or call +44 (0) 20 3633 7626 Newsletter Stay up to date on the latest product releases, special offers & news by signing up for our newsletter.Read our privacy policy.