GIFT CARD – Cranmore Home & Co. Cart (0) Homewares Bedroom Bedding Cushions Poolside Accessories Home Decor Clocks Cushions Gift Cards Mirrors Wall Art Vases, Pots & Planters Lighting Pendant Lights Lamps Wall Lamps Floor Rugs Furniture Bedroom Beds & Bedheads Bedside Tables Drawers & Tallboys Nursery Garden & Outdoor Outdoor Dining Table Outdoor Dining Chair Outdoor Lounge Outdoor Occasional Chairs Home & Office Bookcases Study Desk Kitchen & Dining Dining Tables Dining Chairs Bar Stools Indoor Benches Living Room Sofas & Couches Buffets & Consoles Coffee & Side Tables Occasional Chairs Entertainment Units Storage & Organisation Lockers Shelving Hanging Chairs Brands Collections Coastal Farmhouse Contemporary Vintage Inspired Gift Ideas Little Ones Trade Trade Registration Styling Tips Interior Inspiration Shop The Look SALE Wishlist Log In/Create Account Don't Forget.Subscribe and get $25 off your first order over $250. Home About Contact Us FREE SHIPPING for orders over $2500. (Metro only) Account Cart 0 Account Cart 0 Homewares Bedroom Bedding Cushions Poolside Accessories Home Decor Clocks Cushions Gift Cards Mirrors Wall Art Vases, Pots & Planters Lighting Pendant Lights Lamps Wall Lamps Floor Rugs Furniture Bedroom Beds & Bedheads Bedside Tables Drawers & Tallboys Nursery Garden & Outdoor Outdoor Dining Table Outdoor Dining Chair Outdoor Lounge Outdoor Occasional Chairs Home & Office Bookcases Study Desk Kitchen & Dining Dining Tables Dining Chairs Bar Stools Indoor Benches Living Room Sofas & Couches Buffets & Consoles Coffee & Side Tables Occasional Chairs Entertainment Units Storage & Organisation Lockers Shelving Hanging Chairs Brands Collections Coastal Farmhouse Contemporary Vintage Inspired Gift Ideas Little Ones Trade Trade Registration Styling Tips Interior Inspiration Shop The Look SALE Wishlist Home | Gift card | GIFT CARD GIFT CARD Regular Price $25.00 Sale Price $25.00 Regular Price Sale Sold Out Unit Price /per Tax included. Shipping calculated at checkout. Title $25.00 $50.00 $100.00 $200.00 Select Option $25.00 - $25.00 $50.00 - $50.00 $100.00 - $100.00 $200.00 - $200.00 {"one"=>"Only {{ count }} left!", "other"=>"Only {{ count }} left!"} Quantity - + Added to Cart View Cart or Continue Shopping . Cart Error   Some items became unavailable. Update the quantity and try again. Searching for something special but you can't quite make up your mind? Give the gift of choice with a Cranmore Home & Co. Gift Card. All gift cards are valid for three years from purchase. If you would like a different amount, please contact us and we can arrange this for you. Our gift cards are provided as electronic gift cards, if you would like one mailed to you please let us know. Please note that the email address you enter whilst ordering is the email we will use for confirmation of the order and invoice.  For us to send the gift card directly to your recipient with a personal note, please add the email address and personal note at check out in the "note for order" section. Any questions please contact us. IMPORTANT - Lead Times & Pre-Orders Lead Times May Apply - Stock Availability: As we are an online only store we hold our homewares and smaller furniture items at our warehouse in Perth.  The majority of our larger furniture items are delivered directly from our amazing brand partners. We work very closely with them to understand stock availability, but we also don’t like to disappoint our customers if it is out of stock or if there is a lead time as stock levels change frequently.  Therefore if an item has a "lead times may apply' message this means they may be in stock or have a lead time of 4 - 12 weeks, it just means we need to double check stock availability as they are super popular.  Feel free however to place an order now as we also guarantee a full refund (within the week of purchase), if we contact you to advise the item is out of stock and/or lead times are longer than expected. Pre-Orders: We do however highly recommend placing a pre-order as items can sell out prior to shipments arriving, and this will ensure you receive your piece in the next shipment.  If you would like estimated lead times, shipping quotes or any other information please try the instant chat or click on the Get In Touch button and we will get back to you as soon as possible.  We can arrange a 50% deposit for all pre-order items, with balance due prior to delivery. Lead Times: Cranmore Home & Co quote an approximate lead time for the receipt of any orders based on information provided by their partner suppliers at time of purchase. Circumstances beyond our control, may cause disruptions and lead to a delay in your order being delivered on quoted lead times once an order is placed.  We will keep you as up to date as possible on any changes to estimated lead times. Shipping & Delivery Fees Delivery: What we can promise is that we will ship all in-stock products from our Perth warehouse within 3 business days and in the case of bespoke or out-of-stock products, customers will be emailed as soon as possible with an estimated shipping date.  As we are an online business and many of our larger items are delivered directly from our suppliers, in this case we endeavour to ensure that our suppliers dispatch in-stock items within 5-10 business days. Delivery all depends on where it is coming from and where you live. We generally allow 7-14 days most metro areas and for many country locations, WA, NT & Tasmania please allow 2-3 weeks. Some of our items are available for collection from our Perth warehouse and will have this information on the product page if available. NOTE: For pre-orders from suppliers with stock coming from international manufacturers please keep in mind, the current worldwide increase in demand and restrictions for international ocean freight container exports.  This is affecting supply chains extensively and sometimes lead time extensions are out of our control. Shipping: All items have a flat fee based on weight, dimensions and delivery location. This cost ranges from $9.95 - $250 for metro areas throughout Australia and this will be applied at checkout if required. For regional areas throughout Australia or for some super heavy/bulky/fragile items you may incur an additional fee, this will be advised after checkout, prior to dispatch if required. If you would like a quote tailored for your order prior to check out please contact us . Some of our items are available for collection from our Perth warehouse and will have this information on the product page if available. Orders over $2500 are eligible for free shipping to metro cities (exc TAS & NT). For all orders over $2500 that fall within regional postcodes they will incur an additional delivery charge invoiced after order. Please contact us for a quote prior to order if you would like this confirmed. PLEASE NOTE: Delivery is to your post box or front door only.  If you require white glove service of delivery, placement of item and removal of packaging please contact us to arrange.  Additional costs will be incurred. Can't Find What You Are Looking For? Still can't find exactly what you are looking for?  Well let us help you find it! Your perfect piece may not even be on our website, but that won't stop us, as our network of partner brands and products extends beyond the products we offer on our online store. We can provide options and a quote with delivery costs, lead times all whilst providing a professional and personal service. Click HERE to let us know what it is you are looking for. Contact Us If You Have Any Questions. Need further information on any of the products or services? Try our instant chat at the bottom right hand corner of your screen. Submit a form below and we will get back to you as soon as possible. Or email us at hello@cranmorehome.com.au. Prefer to have a chat though, feel free to call us on 1300 864 489. If you get our message service, please do leave a detailed message and we will get back to you as soon as possible. We have been experiencing a high level of unsolicited sales and scam calls so may not answer and will call you back if a message is left. Note: Cranmore Home & Co is an online only business and the office is not open to the public.  We do however have a warehouse in Wembley, Perth which houses our smaller items and orders can be arranged to be collected from here. You also Viewed About us Cranmore Home & Co is a personally curated online furniture and homewares store, and we are a picky bunch when it comes to the brands and products we offer. Whether it's lighting for your dining room or a rug for your study, living room cushions or throw rugs for those chillier nights, we don't miss a beat when it comes to our customers' needs. Whatever its calling, every piece of designer homewares and furniture in the Cranmore Home & Co. curation has made the list through a highly selective process and has been given the nod for quality, style, and value. Quick Contacts:1300 864 489hello@cranmorehome.com.au Join us $25 off your first order over $250 if you subscribe with us. FAQs Contact Us Returns + Privacy Shipping + Ordering FAQs Product Care Homewares Arts & Prints Bathroom Floor Rugs Bedroom Lighting Blankets & Throws Decor Wall Clocks Storage & Organisation Furniture Bedroom Hanging Chair Bar Stools Kitchen & Dining Dining Chairs Living Room Dining Tables Occasional Chairs Garden & Outdoor Sofas & Couches Home & Office Storage & Organisation © 2023 Cranmore Home & Co. • POS and Ecommerce by Shopify American Express Apple Pay Generic Google Pay Mastercard PayPal Shop Pay Union Pay Visa Subscribe and don't miss out on our VIP discounts and specials. We look after our subscribers and they are the first to know about everything. So sign up to be part of our VIP club. *By completing this form you're signing up to receive our emails and can unsubscribe at any time.