Windsor Bed – Hedge House Furniture See what's in stock and ready to ship! Skip to content HEDGE HOUSE SHOP New Arrivals Bedroom Dining Living Storage All Shop the Warehouse MATERIALS ABOUT READ CONTACT HEDGE HOUSE 0 Cart Your cart is currently empty. Keep Shopping. Your subtotal today is $-.--. Taxes and shipping calculated at checkout. Go to cart SHOP SHOP New Arrivals Bedroom Dining Living Storage All Shop the Warehouse MATERIALS ABOUT READ CONTACT Register / Login Cherry White Oak White Oak White Oak White Oak White Oak White Oak White Oak White Oak Windsor Bed $2,199.00 Regular price Unit price /per A slanted headboard makes early morning reading or late night movie watching all the more comfortable in our Windsor bed. Please allow 8-12 weeks for your order to arrive. Contact us with your shipping zip code and order details to confirm your lead time.Blanket Wrapped Delivery MaterialCherry Cherry White Oak Walnut Maple Charcoal Size Full Queen King Cal King Twin Full Queen King Cal King Twin Cherry / Full Cherry / Queen Cherry / King Cherry / Cal King Cherry / Twin White Oak / Full White Oak / Queen White Oak / King White Oak / Cal King White Oak / Twin Walnut / Full Walnut / Queen Walnut / King Walnut / Cal King Walnut / Twin Maple / Full Maple / Queen Maple / King Maple / Cal King Maple / Twin Charcoal / Full Charcoal / Queen Charcoal / King Charcoal / Cal King Charcoal / Twin Quantity Add to cart Quantity selected exceeds current stock Shipping calculated at checkout. Details The Windsor headboard and footboard are constructed with mortise and tenon joinery. Disassembles for shipping.Dimensions:Headboard Height: 36-¾"H (from floor to top of headboard)Clearance: 9-1/8"HMattress will sit at a height of 12-¾" off the floorSlat size: 3” tall x ¾” thickSpace between slats: 3”Twin: 42"W x 80"LFull: 57"W x 80"LQueen: 63"W x 85"LKing: 79"W x 85"LCal King: 75"W x 89"L Finish Finished with a low sheen, conversion varnish that provides water resistance and durability. Each piece is unique and will have variations in wood grain. Click here for more information on our wood and finish options. Shipping Built to order. White glove delivery. Shipping prices are estimated and vary by location. For more information, please read our shipping policies. Information All Hedge House furniture is hand-crafted in the Midwest from sustainably sourced solid hardwood. Tip: Wood furniture is susceptible to sun exposure and UV light. If your furniture is in a sunny place and items are left in the same spot for more than a couple weeks, you might see a difference in color. Click here for Downloadable care instructions. Adding product to your cart About We created Hedge House to elevate the everyday in your life. Through personal relationships and close collaboration with our craftsmen, we maintain an unmatched standard of quality and consistency. Links Trade FAQs Shipping Policies Terms & Conditions Contact Newsletter Subscribe for store updates and discounts. We only send emails about once month and only about good things. Email address Payment American Express Apple Pay Diners Club Discover Meta Pay Google Pay Mastercard PayPal Shop Pay Venmo Visa American Express Apple Pay Diners Club Discover Meta Pay Google Pay Mastercard PayPal Shop Pay Venmo Visa Copyright © 2023, Hedge House Furniture. Powered by Shopify Availability Close