The Bayswater Armchair | Luxury Armchair by Lorfords Skip to content HOMECOLLECTIONS Sofa CollectionArmchair CollectionOttoman & Box CollectionHeadboard CollectionVintage Cloth CollectionReady to Buy BESPOKE COLLABORATIONSABOUT US Our StorySustainabilityMeet the teamGalleryContact us NOTESFAQs Account Search Basket Your basket is empty place orders now for delivery before christmas 2023 HOMEHOME COLLECTIONS Sofa Collection Armchair Collection Ottoman & Box Collection Headboard Collection Vintage Cloth Collection Ready to Buy BESPOKE BESPOKE COLLABORATIONSCOLLABORATIONS ABOUT US Our Story Sustainability Meet the team Gallery Contact us NOTESNOTES FAQsFAQs Account Search BASKET (0) Facebook Pinterest Twitter The Bayswater Armchair £4,740 Add to basket £4,740 Ultimate comfort in a compact size, the Bayswater’s enduring appeal is testament to the wonderful design that has been popular for drawing rooms to cottages for nearly 150 years. Soft yet supportive, this is a chair for every occasion. Height: 90cmWidth: 76cm Depth: 102cm Seat height: 50cmSeat depth: 58cm Seat width: 46cm Seat back height: 47cm Amount of plain fabric required: 8mThe price excludes fabric. For patterned fabric meterage and custom sizes, contact us for advise on quantities and lead times. Leg design: Tapered oak leg front, curved leg back Extra charges:Skirt: From £200 + VATPiping or other finishing details: From £100 + VAT Price of model shown is inclusive of VAT. More information View images Facebook Pinterest Twitter Leg Finish Options How Our Armchairs Are Made We build our armchairs up from a hardwood beech frame, using traditional methods and materials. With hand-tied coil-sprung seat, arms and back. Where cushions are used, what makes them so comfortable is the high down content (50% down, 50% feather in seat, and 70% down, 30% feather in back). The down gives the cushions lovely softness, while the feathers provide loft and spring.​ Where castors are used, they have been individually hand-cast by traditional English metal crafters to a very high standard, and a variety of finishes can be achieved. We use the antique brass finish as standard. Where legs are used, they can be either tapered or turned and come in a variety of woods and finishes (see 'Leg Options' tab for more details). We use medium oak as standard. All of our furniture can be made completely bespoke. We want this to be your perfect armchair, so if you want it a bit bigger or smaller, softer or firmer, or anything else just ask we will do our best to accommodate. The price excludes fabric. If you need some help finding the perfect fabric, let us know. Fabric quantities for standard models in plain fabric are shown in the product description. For patterns, and bespoke sizes, get in touch and we can advise on fabric quantity. YOU MAY ALSO LIKE The Langton Armchair £4,680 The Ebury Armchair £4,560 The Kingston Armchair £5,640 The Elmstead Armchair £3,720 RECENTLY VIEWED ABOUT Traditionally constructed and upholstered furniture, handmade in our Cotswold studio. Tailored to you.On a journey towards the lightest possible environmental impact.sales@lorfords.com INFO Contact Us Work With Us Delivery & Returns Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Trade Accounts TO RECEIVE OUR NEWSLETTER... Subscribe © Lorfords