Products - Bellus Furniture Toggle navigation HomeProductsNewsCloud-systemWarrantyOur storyContactsFind a dealerMarketing All products Sofas Sofa Beds Beds Chairs Footstools Search product Search Categories 138 Sofas 37 Modular sofas 102 Corner sofas 27 Sofa Beds 15 Footstools 26 Beds 18 Headboards 15 Chairs 8 Accessories 1 Neckrests 4 Adjustable 15 Continental 4 Single 11 Top mattresses 6 Accessories 18 Headboards Products Adjustable Diamond Adjustable Galaxy Adjustable Luoto Adjustable Silk Adjustable Silk Skirt Adria Adriana Agnes Aida Alba Allegro Alpha Alto Amanda Ancona Andango Aqva Arena Ariel Arizona Arthur Aspen Astor Austin Bed box Bed box Windsor Bench Ness Bench Rubin Bench Superior Bench Zafir Bentley Beverly Blaze Blend Bolero Boni Boom Boulevard Brooklyn Bublee Carisma Carta Casino Charles Chic Chic Footstool Chicago Chill Coffee Colorado Comet Como Compact Bliss Continental 1000 Continental City Continental Diamond Continental Galaxy Continental Grace Continental Loft Continental Loft Plus Continental Luoto Continental Lux Continental Marino Plus Continental Sandhamn Continental Seili Continental Silk Continental Strömma Copenhagen Coral Cumulus Dakota Dallas Discovery Donovan Dream Duetto Easy Edmund Ego Ellie Emen Envelope Everton Fargo Faro Felicia Fiesta Firenze Floor pillow Freestyle Funkis Geneve Goa Grace Grande Gregory Gustavo Headboard Basic Headboard Bianca Headboard Block Headboard Chess Headboard Classic Headboard Comfort Headboard Condor Headboard Diamond Headboard Edge Headboard Grand Headboard Harmony Headboard Loft Headboard Ness Headboard Princess Headboard Relax Headboard Superior Headboard Windsor Headboard Zen Henry Hilton Hudson Indigo Infinity Invito Isabel Jade Jasmin Jonna Julia Jumbo Footstool Kendo Laguna Largo Lazy Leone Levi Levian Lodge Lorenzo Lorenzo Footstool Lucas Lugano Lumo Luna Magnum Magnum Footstool Malta Mamba Marilyn Mateo Merion Merion Footstool Metropol Mia Miami Mirella Moby Mode Footstool Mood Footstool More Nantes Nardo Neckrests Newport Nicole Night table Dawn Nord Nordic Nube Ohio Olbia Oregon Othello Papillon Party Piave Plaza Presly Presly footstool Preston Prince Prio Ravenna Richmond Rimini River Footstool Robin Robust Robust Footstool Roma Round Footstool Sandy Siena Siena Footstool Siesta Single 1000 Single Classic Single Luoto Single Silk Sion Slim Smögen Soho Standard Footstool Style Style Footstool Superb Surf Tampa Tema Tempest Terzo Texas Top mattress – 1000 SUPERSOFT Top mattress – CUMULUS Top mattress – HR 40 COLD FOAM Top mattress – PROFILED FOAM Top mattress – Super Mega Top mattress – 1000 LATEX Top mattress – LATEX Top mattress – MEMORY Top mattress – SENSO Top mattress – SUPERIOR Top mattress – SUPERSOFT Trendline Tribeca Verdi Vienna Vigo Visby Vuono Wellington Wilma Zarra Zarra Footstool Zorrento Show more productsNews Digital Roadmap project with EAS support Bellus Furniture OÜ carried out a digital roadmap project in cooperation with Lean OÜ. Within the framework of the project,… Generators to Ukraine Situation with electricity supply is very difficult in Ukraine, power cuts happen every day. The cold weather is making it…New Products ContactsBellus Furniture OÜ Rakvere mnt 23a 45301 Haljala EstoniaTel +372 32 32130 Fax +372 32 32140 E-mail info@bellus.com © 2015-2023 Bellus. All Rights Reserved. We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.Cookie SettingsAccept AllManage consent Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT