Give a Hammock Gift Card: All Yellow Leaf Hammocks & Hanging Chairs Skip to Main Content Welcome back Shark Tank fans! We're so excited to share our wild journey with you. Welcome back Shark Tank fans! We're so excited to share our wild journey with you. Stay tuned for more big news! -Rach & Joe ✕ Toggle Menu Hammocks Hangers Our Story Hammock Quiz Help FAQs Compare Hammocks How to Hang a Hammock Shipping + Returns Contact Us Contact Us Support & Live Chat concierge@yellowleafhammocks.com icon-instagram icon-facebook icon-twitter Yellow Leaf Hammocks Hammocks Hangers Quiz Our Story 0 Hammocks Bestseller Signature BEST FOR THE BACKYARDWeathersafe, ultra-soft and deeply comfortable yarn +10 Cotton Rope BEST FOR THE GREAT INDOORSHand-dyed and woven with 100% natural cotton Chair BEST FOR SOME "ME TIME"Sit in it like a chair or kick up your feet for a full recline +5 Hammock Throne™ A beautifully crafted, minimalist relaxation oasis +5 The Vista™ The future of portable, on-demand relaxation Hangers Hammock Throne™ A beautifully crafted, minimalist relaxation oasis The Vista™ The future of portable, on-demand relaxation Adjustable Hammock Stand For those who don't have two perfect trees in the yard. "Go Anywhere" Hanging Straps Super strong, versatile and tree-friendly Hanging Straps. Give a Gift Card: Any Size! For every size For everyone! Gift sets Classic Double Hammock Gift Set Hammock Stand Bundle Give the Gift of Relaxation — Sunny Days Gift Set The Hammock Throne™ A beautifully crafted, minimalist relaxation piece Give a Gift Card: Any Size! For every size For everyone! Give a Gift Card: Any Size! Current Price Original Price $199 About Shopping for someone else but not sure what to give them? Give them the gift of choice with a Yellow Leaf Hammocks Gift Card! You pick a size + they pick the color they love most! Gift cards are delivered by email and contain instructions to redeem them at checkout. Our gift cards have no additional processing fees and include free shipping for your recipient. Variant Cotton Rope Hammock: Gift Card ($199.00) Classic Double Hammock: Gift Card ($199.00) Family Size Hammock: Gift Card ($299.00) Hanging Chair Hammock: Gift Card ($179.00) Custom Classic Double Hammock: Gift Card ($299.00) Custom Family Size Hammock: Gift Card ($399.00) Custom Chair Hammock: Gift Card ($279.00) Amount Cotton Rope Hammock: Gift Card ($199.00) Classic Double Hammock: Gift Card ($199.00) Family Size Hammock: Gift Card ($299.00) Hanging Chair Hammock: Gift Card ($179.00) Custom Classic Double Hammock: Gift Card ($299.00) Custom Family Size Hammock: Gift Card ($399.00) Custom Chair Hammock: Gift Card ($279.00) Add To Cart | $199 Hammocks Loved By: You’ve got questions, we’ve got answers. How long does shipping take? In-stock hammocks will ship same day for orders placed before 3 pm PT. Our hammocks ship free in the U.S. and generally arrive within 2-5 days of ordering. If you want to expedite shipping, that’s possible at checkout! How do I hang my hammock? The possibilities are endless! Our hammocks are very versatile and work in a wide range of hanging scenarios. Our suggested dimensions (listed on each product page) are meant to help you achieve maximum comfort . We also offer more detailed guidance in the “Hammocking 101” Guidebook that comes with your hammock. And our beloved Hammock Concierge is always here to help you out! What’s your return policy? If you aren’t happy, neither are we. 30-Day Returns are simple and free - we’ll provide you with a label to print and ship back. If you have questions or problems with your hammock, we’re always happy to help. I have even more questions! We’ve got you covered. We’re hammocking experts and we love to share our wisdom. Check out our detailed FAQ for fast answers. The Hammock Concierge is on call for those really tough relaxation challenges. Email us at concierge@yellowleafhammocks.com. More questions? Chat with our concierge Best for the backyard Signature Hammock + 10 more colors Shop Signature | $199 Best for the great indoors Cotton Rope Hammock Shop Cotton Rope | $199 Best For Some “Me Time” The Chair Hammock + 5 more colors Shop The Chair | $179 Wanna relax? We’ve got you! Join our VIP List to get Insider relaxation tips, special offers & blissful beams of sunshine from our team Email Let's Hang HAMMOCK SHOP All Hammocks Signature Hammock Cotton Rope Hammock Hanging Chair Hammock Hammock Hangers Hammock Throne™ The Vista™ Custom Hammocks HAMMOCK CONCIERGE FAQs Compare Hammocks How to Hang a Hammock Shipping + Returns Contact Us GET TO KNOW US Our Story Impact + Sustainability Join Our Team Press Inquiries Wholesale icon-instagram icon-facebook icon-twitter Privacy Policy Terms + Conditions © 2023 Yellow Leaf Hammocks, LLC Speedy & Safe Shipping: Like many other global businesses, we have been impacted by COVID-19. Our team is working hard to continue operations while doing everything we can to slow the spread of the virus - and support our weavers and their families. All domestic orders are being shipped from our U.S. warehouse in St. Louis, MO. If you have further questions, please take a look at our FAQ page. If you have any further questions or concerns, contact us.We’re here for you!JOE & RACHEL