Shop our entire collection of porch swings | DFOhome × View Cart & Checkout Products Your Cart Is Empty. Add a Coupon *Only one coupon per order Subtotal: $0.00 Shipping: $0.00 Shipping Discount: (0.00) Product Discount: (0.00) Sales Tax: TBA Total: $0.00 View Cart & Checkout $20 Off Orders $199+ Plus Free Shipping! Use Code: HARVEST $40 Off Orders $399+ Plus Free Shipping! Use Code: HARVEST Contact Support 0 Sign in Hammocks Hammocks Overview Shop All Hammocks General Hammocks Under $100 Hammocks Made in USA Quick Shipping Hammocks Hammocks With Stands Best Quality Hammocks Hammock Type Rope Hammocks Fabric Hammocks Quilted Hammocks Camping Hammocks South American Hammocks Outdoor Swings Shop All Swings Single Swings Double Swings Swing Stands Outdoor Cushions Hammock Width Single Hammocks Double Hammocks Extra Wide Hammocks Stands Stands Overview Shop All Stands Hammock Stands Metal Stands Wooden Stands Swing Stands Hammock Material Cotton Hammocks Polyester Hammocks DuraCord Hammocks Sunbrella Hammocks Solution Dyed Fabric Hammocks Hammock Accessories Shop All Hammock Accessories Hammock Storage Bags Hammock Pads Hanging Hardware Hammock Straps Hammock Pillows Replacement Parts Shop Clearance Hammocks Outdoor Curtains Outdoor Curtains Overview Shop All Outdoor Curtains > Curtain Material Sunbrella Outdoor Curtains Tempotest Outdoor Curtains Polyester Outdoor Curtains Weathersmart Outdoor Curtains Curtain Construction Grommet Top Outdoor Curtains Tab Top Outdoor Curtains Curtains by Style Solid Outdoor Curtains Striped Outdoor Curtains Sheer Outdoor Curtains Curtains by Size 50" Wide Outdoor Curtains 120" Extra Wide Outdoor Curtains Curtains by Color Outdoor Curtains by Color Curtain Accessories Outdoor Curtain Hardware Shop Clearance Curtains Patio Furniture Patio Furniture Overview Outdoor Seating Shop All Outdoor Seating Adirondack Chairs Wooden Adirondack Chairs Poly Lumber Adirondack Chairs Double Adirondack Chairs Adirondack Rockers Adirondack Chairs Under $100 Benches/Settees Sofas/Deep Seating Loungers Outdoor Gliders Kids Outdoor Seating Pets Outdoor Seating Outdoor Dining Dining Height Counter Height Bar Height Outdoor Tables Shop All Outdoor Tables Outdoor Dining Tables Outdoor Side & End Tables Outdoor Coffee Tables Outdoor Conversation Tables Outdoor Kids Tables Outdoor Swings Shop All Swings Single Swings Double Swings Swing Stands Outdoor Cushions Cushions Dining Chair Cushions Chaise Cushions Bench Cushions Chair Cushions Loveseat Cushions Adirondack Cushions Deep Seating Cushions Shop All Outdoor Cushions Furniture Sets Shop All Patio Furniture Sets Accessories Shop All Patio Furniture Accessories Footrests Outdoor Cushions Patio Umbrellas Umbrella Bases and More Adirondack Accessories Shop Clearance Furniture Outdoor Rugs Outdoor Rugs Overview Shop All Outdoor Rugs > Rug Type Flat Weave Outdoor Rugs Handmade Outdoor Rugs Machine Made Outdoor Rugs Rug Shape Door Mats Rectangle Outdoor Rugs Round Outdoor Rugs Square Outdoor Rugs Outdoor Runners Rug Accessories Outdoor Rug Pads Rug Sizes All Rug Sizes Rug Color Outdoor Rugs by Color Rug Style Beach Border Solid Striped Patterned Floral Seasonal Shop Clearance Rugs Outdoor Pillows Outdoor Pillows Overview Shop All Outdoor Pillows > Pillow Types Outdoor Square Pillows Sunbrella Pillows Hammock Pillows Outdoor Lumbar Pillows Pillow Styles Solid Outdoor Pillows Striped Outdoor Pillows Patterned Outdoor Pillows Floral Outdoor Pillows Seasonal Outdoor Pillows Beach Outdoor Pillows Novelty Outdoor Pillows By Material Polyester Outdoor Pillows USA-Made Outdoor Pillows Pillows Under $20 Outdoor Pillows by Color Shop Outdoor Pillow Sets Shop Clearance Pillows Heating & Lighting Heating & Lighting Overview Outdoor Lighting Shop All Outdoor Lighting Outdoor Table Lamps Outdoor Floor Lamps Patio Torches Outdoor Specialty Lamps Decorative Outdoor Lighting Wall & Ceiling Lighting Outdoor Heating Shop All Outdoor Heating Fire Pits Fire Pit Accessories Patio Heaters Patio Torches Outdoor Décor Outdoor Wall Art More Ways to Shop More Ways to Shop Overview Specials New Arrivals Seasonal Specials Made in the USA Shop Brands Shop All Brands Gifts by DFO Gifts Shop All Clearance Main Menu Hammocks Hammock Type Rope Hammocks Fabric Hammocks Quilted Hammocks Camping Hammocks South American Hammocks Shop All Hammocks General Hammocks Under $100 Hammocks Made in USA Hammocks With Stands Outdoor Swings Single Swings Double Swings Shop All Swings Stands Hammock Stands Swing Stands Shop All Stands Hammock Accessories Replacement Parts Shop All Hammock Accessories Shop Clearance Hammocks Outdoor Curtains Outdoor Curtain Material Sunbrella Outdoor Curtains Tempotest Outdoor Curtains Shop All Outdoor Curtains Outdoor Curtains by Style Solid Outdoor Curtains Striped Outdoor Curtains Sheer Outdoor Curtains Outdoor Curtains by Size 50" Wide Outdoor Curtains 120" Extra Wide Outdoor Curtains Outdoor Curtains by Color See Outdoor Curtain Color Options Outdoor Curtain Accessories Outdoor Curtain Hardware Shop Clearance Curtains Patio Furniture Outdoor Seating Adirondack Chairs Adirondack Rockers Benches/Settees Sofas/Deep Seating Loungers Outdoor Gliders Kids Outdoor Seating Pets Outdoor Seating Shop All Outdoor Seating Outdoor Dining Dining Height Counter Height Bar Height Outdoor Swings Single Swings Double Swings Swing Stands Shop All Swings Cushions Chaise Cushions Bench Cushions Adirondack Cushions Deep Seating Cushions Shop All Outdoor Cushions Furniture Sets Shop All Furniture Sets Accessories Footrests Patio Umbrellas Umbrella Bases and More Adirondack Accessories Shop All Patio Furniture Accessories Shop Clearance Furniture Outdoor Rugs Outdoor Rug Type Flat Weave Outdoor Rugs Handmade Outdoor Rugs Machine Made Outdoor Rugs Shop All Outdoor Rugs Outdoor Rug Shape Door Mats Rectangle Outdoor Rugs Round Outdoor Rugs Square Outdoor Rugs Outdoor Runners Rug Accessories Rug Pads Outdoor Rug Sizes All Outdoor Rug Sizes Outdoor Rug Color Outdoor Rugs by Color Outdoor Rugs by Style Beach Border Solid Striped Patterned Floral Seasonal Shop Clearance Rugs Outdoor Pillows Outdoor Pillows by Type Sunbrella Outdoor Pillows Outdoor Square Pillows Hammock Pillows Outdoor Lumbar Pillows Shop All Outdoor Pillows Outdoor Pillows by Style Solid Striped Patterned Outdoor Pillows by Color Outdoor Pillows by Color Outdoor Pillow Sets Shop Outdoor Pillow Sets Shop Clearance Pillows Heating Outdoor Heating Fire Pits Fire Pit Accessories Patio Heaters Shop All Outdoor Heating More Ways to Shop Specials New Arrivals Seasonal Specials Made in the USA Shop Brands Shop All Brands Gifts by DFO Gifts Shop All Clearance Home Products Patio Furniture Swings Patio Furniture Type Swing (22) Price Range Under $100 (3)$100 - $200 (13)$200 - $300 (3)$400 - $500 (12)$500 or More (7) Finish Natural (3)Black (2)Gray (3)White (10)Red (4)Orange (1)Green (6)Blue (3)Brown (3) Material Durawood (4) Accommodates 1 (17)2 (6) Brand Pawleys Island (7) Made in USA Yes (15) Good Better Best Folding Commercial Use Yes (1) Style Features Lifetime Warranty (1)Made in USA (13)Eco Friendly (1) Sort by:RecommendedPrice High To LowPrice Low To HighCustomer RatingNewest Products 244872 Page 1 of 2 NEW! Deluxe Polyester Rope Swing Chair - Antique Brown by Castaway Living Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included! Multifunctional Use: Provides a unique relaxation space for your indoor or outdoor space with its light weight design that makes it portable for any outdoor excursion. Spacious: Relax comfortably into this spacious hanging chair whether it be on the porch, deck or lawn. This single swing is designed to accommodate an adult or child that weighs less than 250 lbs. $59.99 FREE Shipping Deluxe Cotton Rope Swing Chair by Castaway Living Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included! Multifunctional Use: Provides a unique relaxation space for your indoor or outdoor space with its light weight design that makes it portable for any outdoor excursion. Spacious: Relax comfortably into this spacious hanging chair whether it be on the porch, deck or lawn. This single swing is designed to accommodate an adult or child that weighs less than 250 lbs. $59.99 FREE Shipping Deluxe Polyester Rope Swing Chair - Green by Castaway Living Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included! Multifunctional Use: Provides a unique relaxation space for your indoor or outdoor space with its light weight design that makes it portable for any outdoor excursion. Spacious: Relax comfortably into this spacious hanging chair whether it be on the porch, deck or lawn. This single swing is designed to accommodate an adult or child that weighs less than 250 lbs. $59.99 FREE Shipping NEW! Deluxe Polyester Rope Swing Chair - Navy by Castaway Living Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included! Multifunctional Use: Provides a unique relaxation space for your indoor or outdoor space with its light weight design that makes it portable for any outdoor excursion. Spacious: Relax comfortably into this spacious hanging chair whether it be on the porch, deck or lawn. This single swing is designed to accommodate an adult or child that weighs less than 250 lbs. $59.99 FREE Shipping NEW! Deluxe Polyester Rope Swing Chair - Oatmeal by Castaway Living Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included! Multifunctional Use: Provides a unique relaxation space for your indoor or outdoor space with its light weight design that makes it portable for any outdoor excursion. Spacious: Relax comfortably into this spacious hanging chair whether it be on the porch, deck or lawn. This single swing is designed to accommodate an adult or child that weighs less than 250 lbs. $59.99 FREE Shipping Deluxe Pillowtop Swing With Quick Dry Fabric - Yellow Multicolor Stripe by Castaway Living Multifunctional Use: Provides a unique relaxation space for your indoor or outdoor space with its light weight design that makes it portable for any outdoor excursion.Spacious: Relax comfortably into this spacious hanging chair whether it be on the porch, deck or lawn. This single swing is designed to accommodate an adult or child that weighs less than 265 lbs.Durable Design: Constructed with all weather quick dry fabric that provides a comfortable but durable experience. $79.99 FREE Shipping Double Duracord Rope Curved Arm Swing - Antique Brown by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!DuraCord® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew. Oak Frame: Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The frame pieces are repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life. $579.99 FREE Shipping Bent Oak Double DURACORD® Rope Swing - Green by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!DURACORD® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew. Oak Frame: Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The frame pieces are repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life. $579.99 FREE Shipping Bent Oak Double DURACORD® Rope Swing - Antique Brown by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!DURACORD® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew. Oak Frame: Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The frame pieces are repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life. FREE Shipping DURACORD® Curved Arm Double Rope Swing - Oatmeal by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!DURACORD® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew. Oak Frame: Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The frame pieces are repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life. $579.99 FREE Shipping Bent Oak Double DURACORD® Rope Swing - White by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!DURACORD® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew. Oak Frame: Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The frame pieces are repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life. $579.99 FREE Shipping Sunbrella Cushioned Single Swing - Expand Dove by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® and DuraCord® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Oak Spreader Bar: Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The spreader bar is repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life. $209.99 FREE Shipping DURAWOOD® Porch Swing by Pawleys Island Eco-Friendly DURAWOOD®: DURAWOOD® is a 3/4"-1" lumber, compared to 1/2" thick offered by our competitors, that's made from densely compressed recycled industrial waste. It contains no waste-wood fiber so it won't absorb any water and won't rot, splinter or crack. DURAWOOD® is fade resistant and will never require paint, stain or any kind of sealant.Stainless Steel Hardware: High quality 316 marine-grade stainless steel hardware is used on our outdoor furniture, compared to 304 marine-grade used by our competitors, for superior rust resistance. All hardware is painted to match the color of the furniture and strategically place to conceal each bolt.Mortise and Tenon Joints: We use this ancient form of carpentry, where board meets board, to allow our furniture to fit together and help make it sturdier; rather than just being held together with nuts and bolts. $949.99 FREE Shipping Deluxe Sunbrella Cushion Swing - Midori Indigo by Hatteras Hammocks Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® and DURACORD® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Cumaru Wood Frame: Brazilian hardwood, similar to teak, is 5 times denser than pine, cedar, and redwood. Ages naturally to a beautiful silver grey. Exclusive to Hatteras Hammocks. $629.99 FREE Shipping Clearance Blowout Sale! Children's South American Fabric Swing - Green by Castaway Living Multifunctional Use: Provides a unique relaxation space for your indoor or outdoor space with its light weight design that makes it portable for any outdoor excursion.Accommodates Children: Relax comfortably into this spacious hanging chair whether it be on the porch, deck or lawn. This single swing is designed to accommodate an child that weighs less than 100 lbs.Durable Design: Constructed with all weather quick dry fabric that provides a comfortable but durable experience. $49.99 Sale: $34.99 You Save: $15 (30%) FREE Shipping Deluxe Pillowtop Swing With Quick Dry Fabric - Tropical Print by Castaway Living Multifunctional Use: Provides a unique relaxation space for your indoor or outdoor space with its light weight design that makes it portable for any outdoor excursion.Spacious: Relax comfortably into this spacious hanging chair whether it be on the porch, deck or lawn. This single swing is designed to accommodate an adult or child that weighs less than 265 lbs.Durable Design: Constructed with all weather quick dry fabric that provides a comfortable but durable experience. $79.99 FREE Shipping Single Cushioned Swing - Fruit Punch by Castaway Living Multifunctional Use: Provides a unique relaxation space for your indoor or outdoor space with its light weight design that makes it portable for any outdoor excursion.Spacious: Relax comfortably into this spacious hanging chair whether it be on the porch, deck or lawn. This single swing is designed to accommodate an adult or child that weighs less than 265 lbs.Durable Design: Constructed with all weather quick dry fabric that provides a comfortable but durable experience. $59.99 Sale: $34.99 You Save: $25 (42%) FREE Shipping Single Cushioned Swing - Blue and Green Stripe by Castaway Living Multifunctional Use: Provides a unique relaxation space for your indoor or outdoor space with its light weight design that makes it portable for any outdoor excursion.Spacious: Relax comfortably into this spacious hanging chair whether it be on the porch, deck or lawn. This single swing is designed to accommodate an adult or child that weighs less than 265 lbs.Durable Design: Constructed with all weather quick dry fabric that provides a comfortable but durable experience. $79.99 FREE Shipping Single Cushioned Swing - Gray and Black Stripe by Castaway Living Multifunctional Use: Provides a unique relaxation space for your indoor or outdoor space with its light weight design that makes it portable for any outdoor excursion.Spacious: Relax comfortably into this spacious hanging chair whether it be on the porch, deck or lawn. This single swing is designed to accommodate an adult or child that weighs less than 265 lbs.Durable Design: Constructed with all weather quick dry fabric that provides a comfortable but durable experience. $79.99 FREE Shipping Single Cotton Rope Swing by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Cotton Rope: Hand Woven using 100% natural yarns and precision twisting and balance. It has been handcrafted in much of the same way for more than 130 years.Oak Spreader Bar: Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The spreader bars are repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life. $199.99 FREE Shipping DURACORD® Single Rope Swing - Green by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!DURACORD® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Oak Spreader Bar: Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The spreader bars are repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life. $199.99 FREE Shipping DURACORD® Single Rope Swing - Antique Brown by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!DURACORD® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Oak Spreader Bar: Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The spreader bars are repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life. $199.99 FREE Shipping DURACORD® Single Rope Swing - Oatmeal by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!DURACORD® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Oak Spreader Bar: Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The spreader bars are repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life. $199.99 FREE Shipping DURACORD® Single Rope Swing - White by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!DURACORD® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Oak Spreader Bar: Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The spreader bars are repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life. $199.99 FREE Shipping Sunbrella Cushioned Single Swing - Trusted Coast by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® and DuraCord® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Oak Spreader Bar: Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The spreader bar is repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life. $209.99 FREE Shipping Sunbrella Cushioned Single Swing - Expand Citronelle by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® and DuraCord® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Oak Spreader Bar: Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The spreader bar is repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life. $209.99 FREE Shipping Sunbrella Cushioned Single Swing - Cove Pebble by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® and DuraCord® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Oak Spreader Bar: Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The spreader bar is repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life. $219.99 FREE Shipping Tufted Sunbrella Cushioned Single Swing - Trusted Coast by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® and DuraCord® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Oak Spreader Bar: Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The spreader bar is repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life. $219.99 FREE Shipping Tufted Sunbrella Cushioned Single Swing - Cove Pebble by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® and DuraCord® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Oak Spreader Bar: Oak is naturally resistant to rot and insect infestation. The spreader bar is repeatedly hand-dipped in honey-gold marine-grade varnish for exceptional look and longer outdoor life. $219.99 FREE Shipping Tufted Sunbrella Single Swing - Integrated Pewter by Hatteras Hammocks Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.DURACORD® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew. $239.99 FREE Shipping New Item! Tufted Sunbrella Single Swing - Create Smoke by Hatteras Hammocks Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.DURACORD® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew. $239.99 FREE Shipping Tufted Sunbrella Single Swing - Luxe Indigo by Hatteras Hammocks Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® and DURACORD® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.DURACORD® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew. $239.99 FREE Shipping Tufted Single Swing - Echo Sangria by Hatteras Hammocks Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® and DuraCord® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.DuraCord® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Cumaru Spreader Bar: Brazilian Teak hardwood, is 5 times denser than pine, cedar, and redwood. Ages naturally to a beautiful silver grey. Exclusive to Hatteras Hammocks. $219.99 FREE Shipping New Item! Tufted Sunbrella Single Swing - Cast Ash by Hatteras Hammocks Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® and DURACORD® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.DURACORD® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew. $239.99 FREE Shipping New Item! Tufted Sunbrella Single Swing - Cast Slate by Hatteras Hammocks Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® and DURACORD® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.DURACORD® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew. $219.99 FREE Shipping Tufted Sunbrella Single Swing - Canvas Cocoa by Hatteras Hammocks Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Sunbrella® Fabric:  The best known high-performance outdoor fabric on the market today with an unmatched history of quality, durability, and attractiveness.  This heavy-duty yet lightweight solution-dyed acrylic blend fabric is resistant to staining, fading, rot, mold, and mildew.DURACORD® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew. $219.99 FREE Shipping Tufted Single Swing - Echo Sangria by Nags Head Hammocks Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® and DuraCord® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.DuraCord® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Cumaru Spreader Bar: Brazilian Teak hardwood, is 5 times denser than pine, cedar, and redwood. Ages naturally to a beautiful silver grey. Exclusive to Nags Head Hammocks. $219.99 FREE Shipping New Limited Edition Item! Premium Sunbrella Tufted Single Swing - Scale Taupe by Hatteras Hammocks Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Sunbrella® Fabric:  The best known high-performance outdoor fabric on the market today with an unmatched history of quality, durability, and attractiveness.  This heavy-duty yet lightweight solution-dyed acrylic blend fabric is resistant to staining, fading, rot, mold, and mildew.DURACORD® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew. $249.99 FREE Shipping Tufted Sunbrella Single Swing - Resonate Atlantis by Hatteras Hammocks Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.DURACORD® Rope: Solution-dyed synthetic blend rope that balances the softness of cotton with the durability of polyester. This combination makes the rope All-Weather proof and resistant to rot, mold, and mildew. $239.99 FREE Shipping DURAWOOD® Cedar Coastal DURACORD® Double Swing by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Eco-Friendly DURAWOOD®: DURAWOOD® is a 3/4"-1" lumber, compared to 1/2" thick offered by our competitors, that's made from densely compressed recycled industrial waste. It contains no waste-wood fiber so it won't absorb any water and won't rot, splinter or crack. DURAWOOD® is fade resistant and will never require paint, stain or any kind of sealant.Stainless Steel Hardware: High quality 316 marine-grade stainless steel hardware is used on our outdoor furniture, compared to 304 marine-grade used by our competitors, for superior rust resistance. All hardware is painted to match the color of the furniture and strategically place to conceal each bolt. Starting At: $799.99 FREE Shipping DURAWOOD® White Coastal DURACORD® Double Swing by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Eco-Friendly DURAWOOD®: DURAWOOD® is a 3/4"-1" lumber, compared to 1/2" thick offered by our competitors, that's made from densely compressed recycled industrial waste. It contains no waste-wood fiber so it won't absorb any water and won't rot, splinter or crack. DURAWOOD® is fade resistant and will never require paint, stain or any kind of sealant.Stainless Steel Hardware: High quality 316 marine-grade stainless steel hardware is used on our outdoor furniture, compared to 304 marine-grade used by our competitors, for superior rust resistance. All hardware is painted to match the color of the furniture and strategically place to conceal each bolt. Starting At: $799.99 FREE Shipping DURAWOOD® Weatherwood Coastal DURACORD® Double Swing by Pawleys Island Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Eco-Friendly DURAWOOD®: DURAWOOD® is a 3/4"-1" lumber, compared to 1/2" thick offered by our competitors, that's made from densely compressed recycled industrial waste. It contains no waste-wood fiber so it won't absorb any water and won't rot, splinter or crack. DURAWOOD® is fade resistant and will never require paint, stain or any kind of sealant.Stainless Steel Hardware: High quality 316 marine-grade stainless steel hardware is used on our outdoor furniture, compared to 304 marine-grade used by our competitors, for superior rust resistance. All hardware is painted to match the color of the furniture and strategically place to conceal each bolt. Starting At: $799.99 FREE Shipping Deluxe Sunbrella Cushion Swing - Gateway Mist by Hatteras Hammocks Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Cumaru Wood Frame: Brazilian hardwood, similar to teak, is 5 times denser than pine, cedar, and redwood. Ages naturally to a beautiful silver grey. Exclusive to Hatteras Hammocks. $609.99 FREE Shipping Deluxe Premium Sunbrella Cushion Swing - Midori Stone by Hatteras Hammocks Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather Sunbrella® and DURACORD® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Cumaru Wood Frame: Brazilian hardwood, similar to teak, is 5 times denser than pine, cedar, and redwood. Ages naturally to a beautiful silver grey. Exclusive to Hatteras Hammocks. $629.99 FREE Shipping Deluxe Sunbrella Cushion Swing - Gateway Indigo by Hatteras Hammocks Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® and DURACORD® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Cumaru Wood Frame: Brazilian hardwood, similar to teak, is 5 times denser than pine, cedar, and redwood. Ages naturally to a beautiful silver grey. Exclusive to Hatteras Hammocks. $579.99 FREE Shipping Deluxe Sunbrella Cushion Swing - Platform Indigo by Hatteras Hammocks Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® and DURACORD® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Cumaru Wood Frame: Brazilian hardwood, similar to teak, is 5 times denser than pine, cedar, and redwood. Ages naturally to a beautiful silver grey. Exclusive to Hatteras Hammocks. $629.99 FREE Shipping Deluxe Sunbrella Cushion Swing - Cast Ash by Hatteras Hammocks Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® and DURACORD® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Cumaru Wood Frame: Brazilian hardwood, similar to teak, is 5 times denser than pine, cedar, and redwood. Ages naturally to a beautiful silver grey. Exclusive to Hatteras Hammocks. $579.99 FREE Shipping Deluxe Sunbrella Cushion Swing - Cast Slate by Hatteras Hammocks Swing Only - Stand and Accessories Not Included!Durable Fabrics: All-Weather and Solution-Dyed Synthetic Sunbrella® and DURACORD® Fabrics are resistant to rot, mold, and mildew.Cumaru Wood Frame: Brazilian hardwood, similar to teak, is 5 times denser than pine, cedar, and redwood. Ages naturally to a beautiful silver grey. Exclusive to Hatteras Hammocks. $579.99 FREE Shipping Sort by:RecommendedPrice High To LowPrice Low To HighCustomer RatingNewest Products 244872 Page 1 of 2 Porch Swings Relaxation is just another way of saying porch swing. The porch swing serves as an extension of all the welcoming warmth of a beautiful outdoor space. Here at DFOhome, we have a wealth of options to choose from when deciding just which swing to purchase. Whether you want a one person hammock swing or a more conventional double swing for your patio, we have what you need. No matter what you choose, once you get your new porch swing, you will be well on your way to relaxation. Ideal accessories include a day off, a warm breeze, and a good book (sold separately). Don't forget to grab some comfy outdoor pillows, too! Shop porch swings now to get free shipping on all your orders! Connect With Us! (252) 295-0404 M - F 8:00am - 4:30pm Privacy Policy | Conditions of Use Site Map Copyright © 2023 DFOhome.com Support Contact Email Signup Gift Cards Promotions Returns & Exchanges Shipping Tracking / Order Status Warranties Price Match Our Company About DFOhome DFO Blog Family of Stores Testimonials Press & Media Reviews Expert Advice Hammocks Heating & Lighting Outdoor Curtains Outdoor Pillows Outdoor Rugs Patio Furniture