Spensley Dining Chair - Tan – Barnaby Lane AU icon-account icon-glass Close menu Shop All In Stock Shop Style See More Dining Chairs Armchairs Bench Seats Sofas Stools Tables Cushions Artwork See More Shop All Anthony Pieters Anna Thomas Simone Lovett Gabrielle Jones Derek Swalwell Stewart Leishman Partners See More Trade & Wholesale Commercial Journal Contact Select your region See More USA AUS SHOPPING CART "Close Cart" Shop All In Stock Shop Style Dining Chairs Armchairs Bench Seats Sofas Stools Tables Cushions Artwork Shop All Anthony Pieters Anna Thomas Simone Lovett Gabrielle Jones Derek Swalwell Stewart Leishman Partners Trade & Wholesale Commercial Journal Contact Menu AU USA AUS 0 Menu Subscribe Home / Spensley Dining Chair - Tan Spensley Dining Chair - Tan $950.00 AUD Oak - $950.00 AUD Teak - $690.00 AUD Color: Quantity 6 Available - Ready To Ship Add to Cart The Spensley is a part of our original range and designed to suit any lifestyle. Buy as a full set or mix and match with the Fenwick and Tanner to fit any space and style. Product Specifications Product Details Shipping Details Solid Wood 100% Genuine Leather H860mm x W500mm x D520mm Ground to seat 470mm Stretched cowhide leather Brass stud rear detailing Please note that as our leather is cow skin and a completely natural product that blemishes, markings and imperfections may be present within each piece of leather, which in our humble opinion adds to the beauty of the product. As our leather is batch-dyed by hand, the colour and texture of every piece is unique and unrepeatable and may vary slightly from chair to chair. Click here for our leather care guide. Sustainable sourcing is important to us to ensure the proper management and protection of forests, as well as the indigenous flora and fauna for generations to come. Delivery availability will be listed above the add to cart button. We try our best to insure that these time frames are as accurate as possible at all times however if you need this item by a specific date please get in touch. Delivery is quoted at checkout. Please check our delivery page for more info. Share this Product Share Pin it You may also like Tanner Dining Chair - Tan From $690.00 AUD Fenwick Dining Chair - Tan From $750.00 AUD Jones Dining Chair - Tan $850.00 AUD Jones Dining Chair - Whiskey $850.00 AUD Spensley Dining Chair - Olive From $690.00 AUD HAVE A QUESTION? PHONE +61 (03) 9077 3792Talk to a real humanMon-Fri, 9am-4pm EMAIL hello@barnabylane.com.auAvailable onlineMon-Fri, 8am-5pm Join our mailing list Sign up to receive all the latest Barnaby Lane news and special offers. Newsletter Sign Up Subscribe Contact us Unit 5, 62 Fallon St, Brunswick, Vic, 3056 (03) 90773792 hello@barnabylane.com.au Popular Searches Leather Chairs Leather Armchairs Online Leather Sling Chair Tan Leather Chairs Leather Dining Chairs Leather Chairs Sydney Leather Chairs Melbourne Black Leather Chair White Leather Chair Leather Bench Seat Leather Cushions Woven Chairs Butterfly Chairs Furniture Prahran Leather Butterfly Chair Black Leather Dining Chairs Tan Leather Dining Chairs Brown Leather Dining Chairs Leather & Wood Dining Chairs Leather & Timber Armchair About Our Story Returns & Cancellations Shipping & Delivery Trade Commercial Wholesale Product Care Product Warranty On The Journal Contact Us Shop Armchairs Dining Chairs Stools Bench Seats Sofas Lighting Artwork Tables Homewares Copyright © 2023 Barnaby Lane AU Terms Privacy American Express Apple Pay Generic Mastercard PayPal Shop Pay Union Pay Visa . Woops! Are you on the right website? 'barnabylane.com.au' ships to Australia only. 'barnabylane.com' ships to North America only. Take me to the AU store Take me to the US store